So, now you have some experienced building and using a linear regression model.
In your last project,
the data was prepared for you.
However, there's often a lot of work that goes into gathering,
cleaning, and blending data before it's ready for analysis.
Data preparation is absolutely crucial for business analysis.
Without good data prep,
the results of your analysis can be incorrect or misleading.
For example, while I was working as a consultant,
I was building a model to estimate the price of
a stock based on movements in marketing industry indices.
It was pretty late in the process when my colleague pointed out that the stock price was
listed it as negative on some days which totally threw everything off.
After making the changes,
the results of my analysis made much more sense.
In this next section,
we will discuss various aspects of preparing
data including how to avoid mistakes like Sam's.
You learned about different data sources and data types,
how to deal with common data issues like missing data and outliers,
how to format data,
and how to blend data from different sources.
Take a look at the project overview and description before you go through the course.
It will give you a good sense of the goal of the course. Good luck.